Improve whole Readme: wording/grammar/… (#190)
jelhan/croodle: README.md

### Ember

> `ember test --server` is the prefered way to run tests in Chrome/Chromium. Results are reported in command-line and browser. Files are watched for changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`ember test --server` is the prefered way to run tests in Chrome. Results are reported in command-line and browser. Files are watched for changes.
```

> If you like to run tests only once in a headless Chrome/Chromium execute `ember test`. This is also used in CI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you like to run tests only once in a headless Chrome and Firefox execute `ember test`. This is also used in CI.
```
